Add delete_cache parameter to gr.Blocks to delete files created by app on shutdown (#7447)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/01_getting-started/03_sharing-your-app.md

In particular, Gradio apps ALLOW users to access to three kinds of files:

> - **Temporary files created by Gradio.** These are files that are created by Gradio as part of running your prediction function. For example, if your prediction function returns a video file, then Gradio will save that video to a temporary cache on your device and then send the path to the file to the front end. You can customize the location of temporary cache files created by Gradio by setting the environment variable `GRADIO_TEMP_DIR` to an absolute path, such as `/home/usr/scripts/project/temp/`. You can delete the files created by your app when it shutsdown with the `delete_cache` parameter of `gradio.Blocks`, `gradio.Interface`, and `gradio.ChatInterface`. This parameter is a tuple of integers of the form `[frequency, age]` where `frequency` is how often to delete files and `age` is the time in seconds since the file was last modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Temporary files created by Gradio.** These are files that are created by Gradio as part of running your prediction function. For example, if your prediction function returns a video file, then Gradio will save that video to a temporary cache on your device and then send the path to the file to the front end. You can customize the location of temporary cache files created by Gradio by setting the environment variable `GRADIO_TEMP_DIR` to an absolute path, such as `/home/usr/scripts/project/temp/`. You can delete the files created by your app when it shuts down with the `delete_cache` parameter of `gradio.Blocks`, `gradio.Interface`, and `gradio.ChatInterface`. This parameter is a tuple of integers of the form `[frequency, age]` where `frequency` is how often to delete files and `age` is the time in seconds since the file was last modified.
```
